Edits to docs for FieldPolicy (#5792)
apollographql/apollo-client: docs/source/caching/cache-configuration.md

1. The cache [generates a unique ID](#generating-unique-identifiers) for every identifiable object included in the response.

> 2. The cache stores the objects by ID in a flat lookup table.

Author: how's this:

> Whenever an incoming object is stored with the same ID as an _existing_ object, the fields of those objects are _merged_. If the incoming object and the existing object share any fields, the incoming object _overwrites_ the cached values for those fields. Fields that appear _only_ in the existing object _or_ the incoming object are preserved.

> 2. The cache stores the objects by ID in a flat lookup table.

Reviewer: Sounds good to me!

          }
        }
      },
    },
  },
});
```

The use cases for `FieldPolicy` objects are described below.

## Reducing cache duplicates by specifying key arguments

If a field accepts arguments, you can specify an array of `keyArgs` in the field's `FieldPolicy`. This array indicates which arguments are **key arguments** that are used to calculate the field's value. Specifying this array can help reduce the amount of duplicate data in your cache.

Let's say your schema defines a query named `monthForNumber` that returns the details of a `Month` type, given a provided `number` argument (January for `1` and so on). The `number` argument is a key argument for this query, because it is used when calculating the query's result:

```ts
const cache = new InMemoryCache({
  typePolicies: {
    Query: {
      fields: {
        monthForNumber: {
          keyArgs: ["number"],
        },
      },
    },
  },
});
```

An example of a _non-key_ argument is an access token, which is used to authorize a query but _not_ to calculate its result. If `monthForNumber` accepts an `accessToken` argument, the value of that argument does _not_ affect the details of the returned `Month` type.

> By default, the cache stores a separate result value for _every unique combination of argument values you provide when querying a particular field_. When you specify a field's key arguments, the cache understands that any _non_-key arguments don't affect that field's value. Consequently, if you execute two different `monthForNumber` queries with the _same_ value for `number` but _different_ values for `accessToken`, the cache can safely and efficiently store a _single_ value that acts as the field result for both queries.

Author: I am unfamiliar with `@connection` but we can investigate adding that in a followup edit! For now, I've tweaked this language in accordance with your edit in a followup commit.

});
```

Note that `existing` is undefined the very first time this function is called for a given instance of the field, because the cache does not yet contain any data for the field. Providing the `existing = []` default parameter is a convenient way to handle this case.

> > Your `merge` function **cannot** push the `incoming` array directly onto the `existing` array. It must instead return an entirely new array. Modifying existing data in the cache is forbidden to prevent errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Your `merge` function **cannot** push the `incoming` array directly onto the `existing` array. It must instead return a new array. This is such an important principle that the cache uses `Object.freeze` in development to prevent any mistaken modifications of the `existing` data.
```
I think the _how_ (`Object.freeze`, but only in development) is important here, since this could just be a toothless prohibition, enforced only by TypeScript.
